City Lord Wang would like to invite you to the City Lord's Mansion
Yu Xu is not interested in that batch of arms
Is the Commander's Mansion important?
Ah go go go
The leader of the gang is so elegant
You are not well at your home
When your Mrs. Gu
What are you doing here looking for me?
Flying Feather
Hey
I want to tell you something.
So what's up?
I'm going to marry Beichen
What did you say
I know you don't like him.
But he's really nice.
He is gentle and considerate
And especially a sense of justice
Last time I was in a small alley
I met a few hooligans who bullied me
He saved my life.
And I was like, "Oh, no."
I want to marry him
actually
In fact, I was the one who saved you that day
Forget it, since you please like it, I'm done.
Let him be
Feiyu, you actually saved me 5 years ago, didn't you?
You came all the way to find me
Don't tell me this
Hey
By the way, does the new one look good today?
Chunxiao, bring the things over
That's a lot of gold.
Mrs. Gu seems to be really big this time
Tell me about it?
What do you want me to do?
I do have a little favor
Trouble to help
These gold bars are the reward
What the hell is going on?
Don't worry, you'll know soon.
Naughty
In his last life, Li Feiyu was in Paramount
Assassinated by a killer disguised as a waiter
Yuhuabang fell apart in an instant
You saved me in my last life
In this life, I will save you
Uh-huh.
Soldiers be careful